# Glog #7
## April 24th, 2023
### 10:13pm UTC

I've been thinking lately about how I wanna setup things when I inevitabley move out. I don't know if I mentioned the timeframe I was planning on moving out, but it was supposed to be around this time, but some things have come up and it turns out I'll be here for a bit longer, hopefully by the end of the summer I'll be moving out but that's a best case scenario. The good news though is that I'm only waiting to get enough money to leave, which means I'm basically buying nothing unless I absolutely have to pay for it, like my phone bill and the monthly cost of this server. So that means I'll be mainly in my room either playing video games or imagining how neat things would be if I wasn't lazy and actually did said things I think about!

Speaking about being lazy to do anything, I'm kinda in a server building mood, but because I am a few months away from leaving my current place of living it would be a bit pointless to setup a server, so let's conecptualize what my server setup could be! :D

## The server

I'm thinking I could have a neat desk seutp, where I have two m1 Mac Minis, one for my desktop use running macOS, and the other one would run Asahi Linux and would run this gemini server, local media server, and any other thing I need to use Linux for! I wouldn't even have to have a seperate keyabord and mouse for the linux mac! (recently found out about something called KVM so I might try and set that up too!)

I'm honestly kinda tempted to buy another Mac Mini just so I can try it all out and then re-setup the server when I move out (With all the shit I'm trying to bring I still need to figure out how to move it all without a moving truck oof)

I'll update this post later today or tomorrow on other details about the server, if I will buy it, etc...

# Added (April 28, 2023)
I got a bit busy with work yesterday but I'm back!

So I think I'll first start off with the computer I will use as a server. I have concluded that I will be using the Raspberry Pi 400 that I bought about a year or two ago. It can run things on a basic level, file transfer is as slow as molassas but I don't plan on using the server for file transfer at first. My initial plan for setting up the server will be as a gemini and file server.

Gemini makes sense and would be super easy to setup, as I will be using the same server software I use (agate). I think since I'll be moving it over from one server to another I will be able to also set it up even better as I know now that this is a long-term project I'll be doing.

As for the file server... I don't really know where to start. I think I'll setup something barebones as I don't plan on accessing the files outside of my home. Also the storage will be 512gb of flash storage, as I don't want to buy hard drives now and then have those drives die when I move out. I currently have a portable 4tb hard drive, but that holds stuff that I can easily get back. That way in the case of the drive dying I'm not losing sensitive data.

Because I'll be having both a file server and gemini server on the same system, I could theoretically have a public facing archive as well! I don't think I'll have it like that immediately, or if I'll even do that. Maybe I'll setup two different archives, one with public facing stuff that I can show and the second one holding everything for my own use.

Anyways that's all I wanna talk about now, later!