# Glog #1
## March 6th, 2023
### 12:06am

Hi everyone! This is my first of what I hope is many glogs, or gemini 
logs! Kinda like how blog is web log. Anyways, my name's erase and 
I'm a early-20s who is in Texas (but not much longer, which wil be 
talked about in a bit), and have a facination with technology and the 
advancements of a 1 item to do a lot of things. The reverse Unix 
philosophy, if you will! Right now my "One device to rule them all" 
is currently the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 4[1], which runs on the AT&T 
network. It's using AT&T because that gets the best speeds here where 
I live but also because there's a cheaper plan compared to Verizon 
and T-Mobile which has uncapped data. Meaning I can test out for a 
month or so with how much data I consume and then choose the right 
plan without any slowdown. At the current rate of data I'm consuming 
I might need the highest teir unfortunately... But at least work 
gives me a discount for it :p

Earlier I mentioned that I'm not gonna 
be in Texas for much longer, and that's due to how my family is.  And 
while I like putting shitty people on a pedastal to show that said 
person is shitty, I don't really feel like talking about them right 
now. Just imagine people that have shitty mindsets, not even of you, 
but of people in public and shit like that. It's not even in a 
rebelious teenage "I hate my parents!!!" thing, it's literally 
everyone in my family has some major shit that's wrong. Including 
yours truly, but I'm working on myself, which isn't something I can 
say about everyone else here. I don't think that family stays 
together because they're family. Garbage in, garbage out is really 
how I see it.

**BUT ANYWAYS**

I'm going to be moving to live with my 
girlfriend! I've known her for about 7 years (don't think about how 
dangerous that was) and met her for the first time face-to-face a few 
weeks ago, and the second I saw her I knew I wanted to be with her 
forever... I'm really excited for this next chapter in my life and 
it's really crazy. Anyways I'm a bit tired, so I'mma head to bed 
night! :D

=>https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samsung_Galaxy_Z_Flip_4	[1] - Wikipedia: Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 4
