# Timeline of the Dish Network hack
### March 14, 2023
This is an official statement on every website that Dish Network owns, (Sling TV, Dish TV, Boost Infinite, Boost Mobile, etc...):

```
On February 23, we experienced a cybersecurity incident that has affected 
some of our internal communications, customer call centers, and internet 
sites. We immediately activated our incident response and business 
continuity plans to contain, assess, and remediate the situation. 
Cybersecurity experts and outside advisors were retained to assist in the 
evaluation of the situation, and we notified appropriate law enforcement 
authorities.

On February 27, we became aware that certain data was extracted from our IT 
systems as part of this incident. It’s possible the investigation will 
reveal that the extracted data includes personal information. The forensic 
investigation and assessment of the impact of this incident is ongoing. The 
security of our customers’ data is important to us, and if we learn that 
personal information was compromised, we’ll take the appropriate steps and 
let impacted customers know.

We appreciate your understanding while we work through this incident.
```

On March 13, the statement was update with the following appended:

```
Our customer service call support has been restored and is available. 
Customers can also activate new service, manage their account and get chat 
support through the Boost Infinite app. Boost Infinite continues to operate 
and is up and running.
```
